♪
c0000001
[yawning]
c0000002
Let's split up and replenish
our traveling supplies.
c0000003
You'll be shopping too?
c0000004
You've assigned all
the necessities to me.
c0000005
There's food, water,
other daily essentials.
c0000006
I'm a bit confused as to what
that leaves for you to buy.
c0000007
Herbs and things of the like.
c0000008
[gasps]
c0000009
[FERN]
Great.
c0000010
That's the face she makes when
she's hiding something from me.
c0000011
I've known Mistress Frieren
for a long time.
c0000012
Nothing good happens
when she makes that face.
c0000013
She's plotting to buy
something we don't need.
c0000014
[FRIEREN]
Look what I got.
c0000015
[FERN] What are you
going to use that for?
c0000016
A corrosive potion that
only dissolves clothing.
c0000017
Return it!
c0000018
Here. A history tome.
c0000019
There's value in
traditional study.
c0000020
[FERN]
Well,
c0000021
maybe that last one
wasn't entirely unnecessary.
c0000022
Best of luck.
c0000023
I'll meet you
at the inn later.
c0000024
♪
c0000025
[fluttering]
c0000026
[FERN]
We can't afford to waste
c0000027
what meager funds we have.
c0000028
I better keep a
close eye on her.
c0000029
♪
c0000030
[FERN]
An accessory shop?
c0000031
[disgruntled sigh]
c0000032
[FERN] You should stop going
to sleep with wet hair.
c0000033
-Really.
-[groans]
c0000034
I never thought she would
be interested in fashion.
c0000035
♪
c0000036
She seemed so conflicted.
c0000037
Huh?!
c0000038
What's that face?
c0000039
In all these years,
I've never seen
c0000040
Mistress Frieren look
so troubled before.
c0000041
[water gushing]
c0000042
[gasps]
c0000043
[mewing]
c0000044
[slight chuckle]
c0000045
♪
c0000046
[coins clinking]
c0000047
[FERN]
She certainly took her time.
c0000048
I suppose one accessory
doesn't hurt.
c0000049
That's better than heavy bones
or strange potions.
c0000050
♪
c0000051
I should probably get
back to my own shopping.
c0000052
Is there anywhere I can get
a good dessert in this town?
c0000053
No way. Now she's
taking it too far!
c0000054
Try the tavern.
c0000055
It's over in the
basement of that building.
c0000056
You should ask there.
c0000057
I will. Thanks.
c0000058
[FERN] It's been
months since I've even
c0000059
seen a granule of sugar!
c0000060
♪
c0000061
[sighs]
c0000062
[inhales and groans]
c0000063
c0000064
[FRIEREN]
This must be the place.
c0000065
[FRIEREN] Does
anyone know where I can get
c0000066
a good dessert around here?
c0000067
-[clinking]
-Hm...
c0000068
[FERN] Something tells me this
isn't a pastry loving crowd.
c0000069
A dessert joint?
c0000070
Do you realize who
you're talking to?
c0000071
[chuckling]
c0000072
[FERN]
Oh, no.
c0000073
You've stumbled upon the
biggest sweet-teeth in town,
c0000074
lucky lady!
c0000075
[chuckling]
c0000076
We'll find you a
sugar fix, near or far.
c0000077
[FERN]
I was not expecting that.
c0000078
I would've thought you
lot too rugged for sweets.
c0000079
A bit of sugar
fills us with the energy
c0000080
we need to adventure on.
c0000081
-So they're adventurers, then.
-After a long day's work,
c0000082
Still, I'd say "rugged"
c0000083
is an understatement.
c0000084
-[FERN]They're terrifying.
-Gotta live a little, right?
c0000085
[chuckles]
c0000086
Hope you enjoy!
c0000087
She must be on her way
to the restaurant.
c0000088
[FERN]
Huh? That's strange.
c0000089
She's heading in the
direction of our inn.
c0000090
Did she give up on dessert?
c0000091
[gasps]
c0000092
I'm not even close
to done shopping.
c0000093
You're late.
c0000094
I'm sorry.
c0000095
No matter.
c0000096
Put down your things.
c0000097
[rummaging]
c0000098
I was thinking,
c0000099
it's been too long
since we've had a treat.
c0000100
[seagulls cawing]
c0000101
[rustling]
c0000102
[door opens]
c0000103
Hm?
c0000104
What an incredible view.
c0000105
A superb recommendation.
c0000106
I feel awful.
c0000107
It was wrong of me
to ever doubt you.
c0000108
What do you mean?
c0000109
Uh...
c0000110
Choose whatever you would like.
c0000111
You're absolutely
sure we can afford this?
c0000112
I have been
saving up in secret.
c0000113
[FERN]
So she is capable of saving.
c0000114
What will you order,
Mistress Frieren?
c0000115
Let's see.
c0000116
Today, I feel like...
c0000117
You feel like Merkur
pudding, right?
c0000118
[short exclamation]
c0000119
[short gasp]
c0000120
[HIMMEL]
Tonight you feel like
c0000121
Merkur pudding, don't you?
c0000122
How did you know?
c0000123
You travel with
someone for years,
c0000124
and you pick up on things.
c0000125
I can just tell with you.
[munches]
c0000126
♪
c0000127
I can't tell what any
of you are thinking.
c0000128
Then we should
put in more effort
c0000129
so you can get
to know us better.
c0000130
My favorite food, for
starters, is a Ruf-omelette.
c0000131
[EISEN]
Mine is grapes.
c0000132
The sourer, the better.
c0000133
-And mine is--
-[FRIEREN] Booze, correct?
c0000134
You make that clear,
you corrupt priest.
c0000135
That is nothing to blush about.
c0000136
I find it disturbing
that your vice
c0000137
is a primary
player in our tale.
c0000138
-I'm sorry, Fern.
-Huh?
c0000139
What do you have
to be sorry for?
c0000140
I realized I don't know
the first thing about you,
c0000141
So I...
c0000142
didn't know what sort of
present you would like.
c0000143
♪
c0000144
This is for me?
c0000145
I completely forgot
it was my birthday.
c0000146
[exclaims]
c0000147
It's a hair ornament, right?
c0000148
It's absolutely perfect.
c0000149
Thank you, I love it.
c0000150
I did well?
c0000151
Very well,
c0000152
and because
you're hopelessly dense
c0000153
when it comes to these things,
c0000154
allow me to be clear.
c0000155
I am overjoyed that you're
trying to get to know me.
c0000156
That is a gift in itself.
c0000157
Simply trying means that much?
c0000158
[slight chuckle]
c0000159
Maybe we should
find you a spell
c0000160
for understanding
people's feelings.
c0000161
♪
c0000162
[birds chirping]
c0000163
[shutting]
c0000164
Hey, Fern.
Are you ready to be off?
c0000165
Sure.
c0000166
-[water lapping]
-[fluttering]
c0000167
♪
c0000168
Tell me the truth, Mistress.
c0000169
Does our journey have a
notable purpose this time?
c0000170
Not especially.
c0000171
Hopefully, we'll be able to
find some decent spells though.
c0000172
That, and whenever possible,
c0000173
I'd like to retrace
the adventures
c0000174
I had with Himmel
and the others.
c0000175
Before all signs of it fade.
c0000176
I see.
c0000177
Remembering those adventures?
c0000178
It's very important
to you, isn't it?
c0000179
I don't know.
c0000180
[FRIEREN]
That's what I want to find out.
c0000181
[slight chuckle]
c0000182
It seems you've finally
grown taller than me.
c0000183
Well, I am 16.
c0000184
I could be your big sister.
c0000185
Is that right?
c0000186
Our diets are largely the same,
so that can't be the culprit.
c0000187
How strange.
c0000188
♪
c0000189
[hawk cawing]
c0000190
[whirring]
c0000191
[explosion]
c0000192
♪
c0000193
Your defensive training
is coming along nicely.
c0000194
Now, let's put your
work to the test.
c0000195
[zaps]
c0000196
[exhales]
c0000197
I aimed for the
gaps in your magic.
c0000198
If this were a real fight,
you'd be dead
c0000199
Right.
c0000200
How will you
handle it this time?
c0000201
[crashing]
c0000202
With no gaps.
c0000203
Good.
c0000204
And this time?
c0000205
[explosion]
c0000206
[breathing]
c0000207
[panting]
c0000208
That is plenty for today.
c0000209
[water gushing]
c0000210
Defensive magic is powerful,
c0000211
but it rapidly
depletes your mana.
c0000212
Maintain defense
over a large area,
c0000213
and you'll exhaust
your supply in seconds.
c0000214
Meaning that the best option
c0000215
is to cast it in
select locations
c0000216
at the precise
moment of impact.
c0000217
[FRIEREN]
Exactly.
c0000218
[grunts]
c0000219
[straining]
c0000220
Hm.
c0000221
We've been practicing
nothing but defense for ages.
c0000222
Yes, to improve
your odds of survival.
c0000223
I guess that makes sense
c0000224
being able to cast
one defensive spell
c0000225
can protect you from
most every offensive spell.
c0000226
It's eerie
how powerful they are.
c0000227
So,
c0000228
you haven't read the tome
on magical history I gave you.
c0000229
Magic is just as much about
theory as it is about practice.
c0000230
Fine.
c0000231
You leave me no choice
but to read it to you
c0000232
at bedtime every night.
c0000233
I'll read it myself.
c0000234
[FERN]
I'm not a child anymore.
c0000235
Why is this village so special?
c0000236
It's just another place
to find spells, right?
c0000237
No, unfortunately not.
c0000238
Eh, it's all up to
the weather, now.
c0000239
That it is.
c0000240
-Could one of you gentlemen
help us? -Hm?
c0000241
[MALE VILLAGER 3B]
It's an elf.
c0000242
That hair.
c0000243
Do you happen to be the mage
that they call Frieren?
c0000244
Hm?
c0000245
How did you know that?
c0000246
[grunts]
c0000247
You're here to see the place
where Qual was sealed.
c0000248
I'll show you the way.
c0000249
Qual?
c0000250
The Elder Sage
of Corruption, Qual.
c0000251
[MALE VILLAGER 2A]
He's a horrific demon,
c0000252
responsible for
the many atrocities
c0000253
that befell this region.
c0000254
About 80 years ago,
c0000255
Himmel the Hero
and his party sealed him away.
c0000256
[clattering]
c0000257
That seal doesn't
have much time left,
c0000258
so I'm here to defeat him
before he's an issue.
c0000259
Where does your
information come from?
c0000260
I don't recall telling
anyone about this.
c0000261
Until about 30 years ago,
c0000262
Himmel always
went out of his way
c0000263
to pay our town
an annual visit.
c0000264
He told me it was to check
on the condition of the seal.
c0000265
He was always
rather soft at his core.
c0000266
You were a frequent subject
of conversation between us two.
c0000267
We agreed
you were quite heartless
c0000268
for not checking on him.
c0000269
[HIMMEL]
She's a touch cold.
c0000270
Yes. And then some.
c0000271
[FRIEREN]
Sorry about that.
c0000272
But still...
c0000273
she's not so heartless
c0000274
that she'd leave
your village to its fate.
c0000275
When the seal is on the verge
of collapse, she'll appear.
c0000276
And it would seem he was right.
c0000277
Indeed.
c0000278
This is it?
c0000279
I was right to assume
that it's unstable.
c0000280
I shall dispel the
seal tomorrow,
c0000281
then take care of Qual.
c0000282
[crickets chirping]
c0000283
You were the one who
thought to seal him away
c0000284
in the first place,
weren't you?
c0000285
Why didn't you
and the others defeat him
c0000286
when you had the chance?
c0000287
The story isn't as enthralling
as you might guess.
c0000288
[grunts]
c0000289
[FRIEREN]
I couldn't beat him.
c0000290
All the Demon King's
forces were formidable,
c0000291
but Qual was
an exceptional mage.
c0000292
He developed Zoltraak,
c0000293
the first piercing spell
in the history of magic.
c0000294
It can pierce
not only defensive spells,
c0000295
but the most durable
magic resistant armors.
c0000296
It directly targets
and destroys the body.
c0000297
It is said that
in this region,
c0000298
40 percent of their adventurers
c0000299
and 70 percent of their mages
were killed by Zoltraak.
c0000300
♪
c0000301
A spell with that much
power shouldn't exist.
c0000302
Agreed. As would most.
c0000303
It was too strong.
c0000304
Hm.
c0000305
And it was that strength that
caused it to backfire on him.
c0000306
What do you mean, backfire?
c0000307
Hm.
c0000308
It's painfully clear that you
haven't read your history tome.
c0000309
You sure you don't need
nightly bedtime stories?
c0000310
I'll start reading now.
c0000311
Don't. It's fine.
c0000312
It's more important that
you get a good night's sleep.
c0000313
[FRIEREN] You'll see
for yourself tomorrow.
c0000314
I'm dispelling the seal.
c0000315
[gasps]
c0000316
You mustn't let
your guard down.
c0000317
[wind blowing]
c0000318
[hissing]
c0000319
Hm.
c0000320
Long time, no see, Frieren.
c0000321
How many years has it been now?
c0000322
Eighty.
c0000323
No time at all, then.
c0000324
For us, perhaps not.
c0000325
What's become
of the Demon King?
c0000326
We killed him.
c0000327
I see.
c0000328
Then,
c0000329
I shall avenge his death.
c0000330
Fern...cast a defensive spell.
c0000331
Zoltraak!
c0000332
[crashing]
c0000333
Oh? What have we here?
c0000334
You blocked Zoltraak.
c0000335
That defensive spell of yours
must be powerful indeed.
c0000336
Mistress Frieren?
c0000337
Can you please tell me
what's going on?
c0000338
That was ordinary
offensive magic.
c0000339
You just saw his life's work.
c0000340
Allow me to introduce
you to Zoltraak.
c0000341
The great killing
magic of legend.
c0000342
[gasping]
c0000343
Qual,
c0000344
your spell was
simply too powerful.
c0000345
[FRIEREN]
After you were sealed away,
c0000346
mages across the land
c0000347
studied and analyzed Zoltraak
c0000348
until they had a complete
understanding of it.
c0000349
In just a few years,
c0000350
your work was incorporated
into humankind's magic system,
c0000351
and new defensive spells
c0000352
with power like none before,
were developed in response.
c0000353
The magic resistance
offered by equipment
c0000354
has improved
significantly as well.
c0000355
These advances
have made Zoltraak
c0000356
a death sentence no longer.
c0000357
Your great weapon is now
"ordinary offensive magic."
c0000358
Hm.
c0000359
It's rather remarkable
how much humanity
c0000360
can achieve
in a span of 80 years.
c0000361
Qual...
c0000362
if you don't resist, I'll
grant you a painless death.
c0000363
It's interesting.
c0000364
But I see what you've done.
c0000365
Your defense attunes
itself to my magic,
c0000366
and then disperses its power.
c0000367
You have
a complex spell indeed.
c0000368
[crashing]
c0000369
It must consume
a great deal of mana.
c0000370
He figured out the
weakness of defensive magic.
c0000371
[FRIEREN] Fern...you
know what to do, don't you?
c0000372
[FERN] Yes. I remember
from our practices.
c0000373
Then I'm going to ask
that you protect me as well.
c0000374
[zaps]
c0000375
[crashing]
c0000376
[zapping]
c0000377
[crashing]
c0000378
[chuckling]
c0000379
[grunts]
c0000380
Oh? The elf can fly?
c0000381
How fun.
c0000382
Zoltraak.
c0000383
Frieren...
c0000384
that spell
c0000385
is mine.
c0000386
♪
c0000387
-Thank you, Frieren.
-You saved our town!
c0000388
[indistinct chatter]
c0000389
Because of you,
our quiet village
c0000390
can live in peace once more.
c0000391
Huh!
c0000392
I've seen that hat.
c0000393
This old thing?
c0000394
Around these parts,
c0000395
the sun beats down
on us all year long.
c0000396
Every farmer has one.
c0000397
I've seen this one.
This exact straw hat.
c0000398
You!
c0000399
You're the little delinquent
who flipped up my skirt!
c0000400
Aha!
c0000401
[HIMMEL] Have you got a
death wish, you brat?
c0000402
I've been wanting
to do that for ages,
c0000403
But unlike you,
I have self control.
c0000404
[EISEN]
You better not kill him.
c0000405
Calm yourself,
and I'll allow you
c0000406
-a peak up mine instead.
-Gross.
c0000407
[grunting]
c0000408
So, you're still alive, then.
c0000409
Thanks to your visit, I'll
be able to live even longer.
c0000410
I'm glad I trusted
Himmel's words
c0000411
and waited for you to come.
c0000412
♪
c0000413
c0000414
You saved them.
c0000415
They all seem so thankful.
c0000416
Thankful, yes, but not to me.
c0000417
His prophecy came to pass.
c0000418
Himmel is who they believed in.
c0000419
I don't understand exactly.
c0000420
But it seems to me
c0000421
that the person
Himmel believed in
c0000422
all this time was you.
c0000423
[slight chuckle]
c0000424
What is it, Mistress?
c0000425
Nothing.
c0000426
♪
c0000427
[EISEN]
Because I felt sorry for you.
c0000428
[FRIEREN] She was
rather irresponsible.
c0000429
[HEITER] It's no time
for such depressing talk!
c0000430
[EISEN]
It happened a long time ago.
c0000431
[FLAMME]
I now know it as Aureole,
c0000432
the land where souls rest.